How these things are regulated?
You told me it stopped.
So, there is a rule, there is an important thing going.
No, it's still going, okay.
What it does is this.
It regulates everyday life affairs.
How many hours you sleep, how many hours you work, how you pray, and how you enter the monastery, how many years must you be a novice before you are out and so forth.
Let me ask you a much more important question.
You told me you were born in 1945, so that makes you 52 years old.
I'm 55.
And you started going when you were a young man in your 20s.
Do you expect that you'll be going there as long as you live?
Most definitely.
You know, I don't feel right if I don't go four or five times a year.
I have friends there.
You know, they come down to Thessaloniki, they visit me.
My wife got upset when once upon a time a monk who was newly wed and the monk blessed her and said, I wish we had 40 sons and 40 daughters and my wife flipped out.
Don't bring this man back here again.
That's funny.
Do you learn something new every time you go?
Do you experience something different every time you go?
Well, there are some things I...
There are some men, there are some charismatic men.
I'm sure you all know about this famous Russian monk, Father Grigori.
Okay?
He used his charisma the negative way.
I met men in Mount Athos that have the charisma and use it the right way.
Actually, their spirituality overwhelms you.
I don't consider myself to be a very
Religious men.
Devoutly, really.
Yes.
That's the way you want.
Yes, precisely.
And yet the spiritual... However, however, at one time I was so moved by my brief encounter with one
of one such man, such monk, a famous one, that I came back really perplexed.
I felt that this man who was standing opposite me, he could x-ray my soul.
It was an amazing experience.
And precisely this is what I thought.
That's the positive side of Father Grigori.
The positive side.
they can you leave the meeting such a man with an amazing peace of mind and soul the spiritual power of these people is a few of them not all of them some of them smell of garlic and all this but I say the spirituality
If you look for it, you can find it, you'd be amazed.
And again, the whole atmosphere is overwhelming and inspires you and... So let's say somebody wants to become a monk.
Yes.
You just go there and... You go there, you must have some connections.
And you were given some lower tasks as washing and cleaning and things and if you can prove
which they call or obedience for a given period of time.
And if you can get along with the rest of the Brotherhood, yes.
It's pretty democratic.
You know, anyone can go out, anyone can leave, anytime they decide.
There's no strict rules.
You don't have to ask.
You just say, I want to go.
Yes.
Well, of course,
If that is overdone, they can probably send you away, but this is very rarely done.
Once a month, always a month.
For a long time I've been going in and out.
My basic sentiment
is definitely positive concerning Mount Athos.
There are some people I don't want to know, some people are very displeasing and they have nothing to do with monasticism except the cloth.
But again, this is life.
And let's not forget that monks are nothing else
Nothing different, but our brothers, our mothers, who perhaps realize more than we do how different we are.
It's a different philosophy.
So maybe we should go over a few things about what I have to do.
Yes.
I can always get in touch with you?
You can call me.